Guaranteed to be different
From the girls you’ve tried out there
A completely unique flavor
You’d sell even your own wife?
Brothers are like limbs
Women are like clothes
In the future
I’ll rely on Brother Wáng’s support
Easy, easy
Who are you?
What do you want?
Middle of the night
A man and a woman alone, what do you think?
Truly the Eldest Miss of the Jiǎng family
Compared to those others out there
Definitely different
Let me go
The Jiǎng family won’t spare you
Your man sold you to me
For two hundred yuan
Today, you’re mine
Let me go
How’s it feel with this thug
Compared to Dōng Hǎi’s rich young masters?
Well?
Sī Sī
This gift I gave you
Do you like it?